Extend query documentation (#3390)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/general/queries.md

```

So now, when requesting the name field, the `get_name` function will be called.

Alternatively a field can be declared using a decorator:

```python
@strawberry.type
class Query:
    @strawberry.field
    def name(self) -> str:
        return "Strawberry"
```

## Arguments

GraphQL fields can accept arguments, usually to filter out or retrieve specific
objects:

```python
FRUITS = [
    "Strawberry",
    "Apple",
    "Orange",
]

@strawberry.type
class Query:
    @strawberry.field
    def fruit(self, startswith: str) -> str | None:
        for fruit in FRUITS:
            if fruit.startswith(startswith):
                return fruit
        return None
```

> Additional metadata can be added to arguments like a different name and

Reviewer: Just a suggestion on how I would have worded it. Feel free to ignore it :)

```suggestion
Additional metadata can be added to arguments, for example a custom name and
```

Author: I like it more

description using `strawberry.argument` with
[typing.Annotated](https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html#typing.Annotated):

```python
@strawberry.type
class Query:
    @strawberry.field
    def fruits(
        self,
        is_tasty: Annotated[
            bool | None,
            strawberry.argument(
                description="Filters out fruits by whenever they're tasty or not",

>                 deprecation_reason="isTasty argument is deprecated, "
>                 "use fruits(taste:SWEET) instead",

Reviewer 2: How about 🤔
```suggestion
                deprecation_reason="isTasty argument is deprecated, use fruits(taste:SWEET) instead",
```

----
```python
@strawberry.type
class Query:
    @strawberry.field
    def fruits(
        self,
        is_tasty: Annotated[
            bool | None,
            strawberry.argument(
                description="Filters out fruits by whenever they're tasty or not",
                deprecation_reason="isTasty argument is deprecated, "
                "use fruits(taste:SWEET) instead",
            ),
        ] = None,
    ) -> list[str]: ...
```

----
```python
@strawberry.type
class Query:
    @strawberry.field
    def fruits(
        self,
        is_tasty: Annotated[
            bool | None,
            strawberry.argument(
                description="Filters out fruits by whenever they're tasty or not",
                deprecation_reason="isTasty argument is deprecated, use fruits(taste:SWEET) instead",
            ),
        ] = None,
    ) -> list[str]: ...
```

Author: This it a bit too long (101) characters, it's hard to read in git diffs, and black by default recommends 88-80 character limit
